Revise Bonsai docs (#184)
risc0/website: docs/bonsai/eth-relay/eth-relay-overview.md

# Bonsai ETH Relay

> The Bonsai ETH Relay intermediates between your app contract and the Bonsai proving service. What this means for you is that instead of managing interactions with the Bonsai proving service, you can write concise smart contract functions that harness the power of ZK using regular Solidity code. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Bonsai ETH Relay intermediates between your app contract and the Bonsai proving service. Using the Bonsai Eth Relay allows you to write concise Solidity contracts that harness the power of off-chain ZK computation. 
```
